homework-1/readme.md, before:

## Assignment 1: Git Readme

### Websites vs Web Applications

Websites are typically informational and expected to be browsed by the viewer(s). Also, they are supposed to be simple and easy for users to engage with. On the otherhand, web applications focus on personalized experiences and interactions. Examples of websites are BBC News and IUI website. Examples of web apps are Google Docs and Temu.



### VS Code & Extensions

Brief description of understanding. Use any combination of markdown techniques. Should be more than 2 sentences.
VS Code is can be considered as a web application.
### Version Control, Git, & GitHub

hola

Brief description of understanding. Use any combination of markdown techniques. Should be more than 2 sentences.

### Markdown & Documentation

Brief description of understanding. Use any combination of markdown techniques. Should be more than 2 sentences.

After reviewing the markdown basics, I now understand what markdowns are and why they are important. A markdown is a lightweight markup language that is designed to format plain text which can be easily converted to HTML. Markdowns are comprised of simple symbols and characters such as headers, italics, bold, lists, etc which can be easy for the person coding to remember.

Commit message:

Deleted text from VS Code & Extensions, added a few spaces, and added text for the section about VS Code & Extensions.

homework-1/readme.md, after:

## Assignment 1: Git Readme

### Websites vs Web Applications

Websites are typically informational and expected to be browsed by the viewer(s). Also, they are supposed to be simple and easy for users to engage with. On the otherhand, web applications focus on personalized experiences and interactions. Examples of websites are BBC News and the IUI website. Examples of web apps are Google Docs and Temu.



### VS Code & Extensions

VS Code stands for Visual Studio Code and in order for it to properly work, you have to install it on your desktop device. In this course, we will use three extensions which are Prettier, Live Server, and Auto Rename Tag.

### Version Control, Git, & GitHub

hola

Brief description of understanding. Use any combination of markdown techniques. Should be more than 2 sentences.

### Markdown & Documentation

Brief description of understanding. Use any combination of markdown techniques. Should be more than 2 sentences.

After reviewing the markdown basics, I now understand what markdowns are and why they are important. A markdown is a lightweight markup language that is designed to format plain text which can be easily converted to HTML. Markdowns are comprised of simple symbols and characters such as headers, italics, bold, lists, etc which can be easy for the person coding to remember.
